---
title: Welcome to Dynamic RL Quadrupeds Survey
author: allred
date: 2023-09-28 20:26:17 +0800
# categories: [Welcome, Tutorial]
# tags: []
---

**Title:** Welcome to the Dynamic RL Quadrupeds Survey!

---

**Welcome to the Dynamic RL Quadrupeds Survey!**

Hello, and thank you for visiting this littel webpage I am working on dedicated to exploring the exciting world of Dynamic Robotics and Reinforcement Learning in Quadruped Robots. Whether you're a curious learner, a fellow enthusiast, or someone seeking a handy reference, you've come to the right place.

**Why Learn About Dynamic Robotics?**

Dynamic Robotics is at the forefront of cutting-edge technology, where machines mimic the graceful and efficient movements of living creatures. Quadruped robots, with their four-legged locomotion, have the potential to revolutionize various industries, from search and rescue operations to autonomous transportation. Understanding how these robots learn and adapt through Reinforcement Learning (RL) is not only fascinating but also crucial for shaping our future.

**My Goals with this Survey/Blog:**

1. **Personal Understanding:** One of the primary reasons behind creating this survey/blog is my own journey of discovery. I believe that to truly understand a subject, you need to immerse yourself in it, dissect it, and present it in a way that others can grasp. By researching and curating information on Dynamic RL in Quadrupeds, I hope to deepen my own knowledge.

2. **A Handy Reference:** Often, I find myself scribbling notes on papers, bookmarking countless websites, and drowning in a sea of digital files when I want to recall something important. This survey/blog is a solution to that problem. It's my digital notebook, a place where I can easily access and share my insights, research findings, and notes.

3. **For the Joy of Learning:** Learning doesn't have to be a tedious task; it can also be fun and inspiring. I intend to make this space not only informative but engaging, with articles, resources, and discussions that ignite the curiosity and passion for dynamic robotics in everyone who visits.

So, whether you're here to learn, refresh your memory, or simply enjoy the wonders of this emerging field, I invite you to join me on this journey. Let's explore the world of Dynamic RL Quadrupeds together, unravel its mysteries, and have some fun along the way.

Stay tuned for exciting updates, informative articles, and a deep dive into the world of dynamic robotics and Quadruped robots. Together, we'll embark on a quest to discover what the future holds for this fascinating intersection of technology and biology.

Thank you for being a part of this adventure!

Warm regards,

Christopher A.